Hello welcome again in (smartest every day), today I'm in California
It is a great honor to offer you a great man ...
(Alan Seeler). -Hello. - (Allen Seeler), that ye know not
One of the best photographers in the meeting is now super fast.
So I'm here in his garden, and we'll
Study underwater explosions using fireworks.
You usually shoot high-speed, do not you? - Yes it's just
That's the moment when the bombing starts, which I'm looking forward to seeing
Uh ... Time. - Exactly yes it is not just one moment.
This M320 is a Miro Phantom Camera
And what do you hope to know here? - I just want to amaze, so ..
let's go. 3 .. 2 .. 1 .. 0
OK...
- Fabulous. Let's look at the video.
- Oh yes - ripple.
Well, we have decided that we want less explosion time
And also raise the tire rate, to do this what we will do change the lens.
3 .. 2 .. 1 .. 0 ..
- About 20 feet ... - Yes.
I wonder if that was the impact of the explosion
Or the bottle itself ... - I have not absorbed the inside .. There is a cavity shown on the top
If you notice the picture. Oh really? Well let's look at the video.
OK. I have a scientific mystery, I need your help
To solve it. Let us first define what an explosion is. is not it?
Basically it is in the formation of gas, which you have to keep it in
A mechanical device of any kind, which in turn increases the pressure.
That mechanical adherence, will fail in the end, and the people burst
But here is the question. After each shot when I go to find a bottle
On the ground, I find that the bottle has been sucked inwards, rather than being blown out
Like what you think. This is anti-intuitive and we have no reason.
My theory is that when the bottle starts to explode from the bottom, it starts to jump up at the same time
Like a rocket, when they do it they begin to crease like
Grandma's legs, as you can see, they push the rest of the bottle forward.
The bottle lid has a larger block of side walls, and I look around that
Is that the bottle was pushing the cover, but the lid
Weighs too much so the bottle is out faster than the lid. (Allan) on the other hand
He disagreed with me. My position is that after the blasting there is nothing but high pressure in the bottle,
But (Alan) has brought me some of his Flickr account.
"He always sees bubbles after the bombing," he said. Always. What causes
To form bubbles in liquid? Of course cavity.
A phase diagram is a diagram that uses pressure and temperature to describe a situation
A substance, our data lie here, about 23 C
Now there are only two ways to move from a liquid state
To steam. One is that we can move to the right and increase the temperature
I do not think we heated enough water even to do that, so I would conclude
That (Alan) is right in what he says. I think we are putting down enough pressure to survive
Steam limits The liquid state is treated to steam. And all we have to do is to go back again
For the liquid condition is re-press, let's look at the cavity. immediately after
Blasting, we'll see bubbles all over the bottle. But interesting that after
150 microseconds on the next frame, all bubbles appear confined in one area.
Shock waves are coming from wall to wall around the inside of the bottle
Towards each other and then overlap with each other a problem
Low pressure zone. I think this is wonderful because you can already see the cover
Absorbs inward slightly. On the next frame you can see what I call "the leg of the grandmother"
Now I think it is very interesting that the bubble collapses from left to right,
Which may mean that the pressure wave is moving towards the front of the bottle,
But still confusing to me is that the lid is still sucked in
So I persuaded (Alan) to take a picture with me but what I did not realize was that picture
It will reveal more information from all previous videos. At the point of detonation
We have clearly high in pressure inside the bottle. Then we can see that the cover absorbs inward
Then .. Look at this. The lid starts off.
This means to me that we have low pressure, and then high pressure.
Once the fluid has been released from the bottom of the bottle, the bottle begins to pull.
Fluids from the top of the bottle with it. So we have a fluctuation in pressure
Where have we seen such a thing before? Sometimes when I drink something using a sucker
If I put my hand at the end of the lollipop, I can get the liquid out of the bottle
Then I will lift my finger and watch what the liquid does.
He wobbles. This is fantastic and I think this momentum output is caused by fluids
Or lack of fluid itself. Therefore the effect of this momentum on liquids
Applies to what we do too. When the fluid flows from the bottom of the bottle
We can see that it begins to pull liquid from the top of the bottle and fold
Side walls of bottle. This is very cool, but really
Thank you for your time. Think about this more fun with you. Anyway, if you want high-speed footage
Feel free to download the program. Draw me some pictures and show me what you think about how the shock waves move on the video.
This man did so. I do not think it's quite true, but it came to a reasonable conclusion.
I (Destin). You are smarter every day. goodbye.
By the way, (Alan Saylor)
Apricot is grown very well. The Russians have developed a way to use the cavity
Create a bubble in the front of the torpedoes. This is called tropoid terabid.
If the torpedo flies in a bubble you have less drag
This way you can move torpedo faster.
Translated by Khaled Bakri @amkrro
Translation in other languages ​​is welcome. Please contact Destin if you can help